This code is part of the work by Lars Paffen, Maurik Engelbert van Bevervoorde, Andoni Rodríguez-Abetxuko, Loai Abdelmohsen, Remco van der Hofstad, Jan van Hest, and Tania Patiño Padial titled "_Programmable Nanoscale Motion via Molecular Patterning on DNA Origami_", published in Angewandte Chemie International Edition (2025). The (Open Access) article can be found here: [https://doi.org/10.1002/anie.202523921](https://doi.org/10.1002/anie.202523921). The "Model and Simulation Section" in the Supplementary Information of this work outlines the theory behind the code presented here. **When you use this code, please include a proper reference to this work, describing clearly any changes you made to this code.**

Here, we simulate self-propelling rod-shaped nanomotors using the 2D Boundary Element Method (BEM). We are interested in modeling the motor's propulsion velocity as function of the distribution of catalytically active sites on the micromotor surface. We model the nanomotors as rectangles, of which the surface catalytically converts fuel into product. Both fuel and product particles only exist outside of the volume enclosed by the motor. We simulate the gradient of the product concentration at the motor surface, and only that part of the gradient that is tangential to the surface. This tangential gradient creates local slip velocities by a process termed diffusiophoresis, and averaging out (integrating) the local slip velocities over the entire motor surface gives the motor's net propulsion velocity. For more details, please refer to the preprint linked above, and in particular its Supplementary Information. 
